So and the last lecture we set up our project and we add a bootstrap to it.
Now I want to get started adding the components we laid out here.
Here's your challenge.
Try doing this on your own.
Now if that I don't mean filling these component templates with live for an hour each component may
simply hold some dummy text so that we can see that it's there.
I mean create the components and try to create a clever folder structure in your app folder not every
component should have a folder on the root level.
You should also nest them by feature maybe and try to create at least one component manually by hand
not using the Seelye.
I'll give you a chance to pause the video and then I will show you my approach.
Chances are that we deviate in our solution.
But that's a good practice for you.
So definitely go ahead and try creating these components without any content for it for now on your
own.
So were you successful.
Let's see how I would solve this how I would approach this.
We got two main areas recipes in the shopping list and we get this Hetrick component.
Now I will create d head or a component manually.
So for this we can already start the discussions should we create a header folder in the app folder
where we store does component or should we create a component in the app folder itself.
Now I will create a header folder but placing the component directly in the folder would not be wrong
since it is really only used by our app component.
So here I will create a new folder named header and in there I'll add my header dot component Dadda
TS file.
Now as you learned a component is simply just the types of classes.
Let's name it had are a component here and right now that would not be recognized as a component by
angular.
Instead here we have to add the at component decorator and later I'm going to use the auto import feature
of my ID.
For now all imported manually we have to import component between curly braces from at angular core.
That's important.
Now with that we need to pass a javascript object to the stack reader to configure this component.
Specifically we need to add a template and I'll put as an external file so template you are l in this
case and as Lechter so that we can use this component so the selector here is app hador because I want
to ensure that I have a unique selector and that I don't overwrite an existing HVM element for example
and hador would be an existing element.
The template you are l here I want to point to the header dot component dot h HTML file.
And as you've probably recognized this file doesn't exist.
So I can quickly create this by creating a new file in the same folder in the header folder here.
Header component or HDMI close to full file name and Endace HDMI file here.
I simply want to output that header for now.
I'm going to add some content soon.
So that's my header component and I can already include this in my app component.
Maybe above the container because in the container I later only want to contain my content component
I will say so here I'll add the app header just like this.
So with that we edit that here.
Now let's see if we can see it.
And I just see loading dot dot dot which always is an indicator that there has been an error.
So check the javascript console in your developer tools to see the error and the error is pretty clear.
AB header is not a known element.
This is a common gotcha which is why I wanted to show it.
Why is it not known.
We edited here and we set up to select or here right.
Well remember you have to register all the features you're going to use in the app module.
And since we didn't use the seal to you create this component it wasn't added there automatically.
So we have to add it manually to our declarations array.
And that means we also have to add the import.
So we should import header component from and now pointing to the header for a folder and then in there.
The a component file with out the file extension.
So dad now locks the hetero component in our app and if we save this now we see the header.
Now that's not ready.
We're going to change to soon but we can see that it is working.
Now let's move on to adding all the other components with the Selye for now.
So we had a couple of components you wanted to add and I will use DNG generate command or just MGG as
a shortcut and then we want to generate a component.
Or just see as a shortcut and the first component I want to add is did recipe's component 4 does recipe's
feature area.
I'll add Spack false to prevent the creation of a testing file which I don't need.
So if that we get a new folder in our Apfel there recipes folder which holds our recipe's component
that is great.
Now this will be our overall recipe's feature component and that actually is a component.
I didn't sketch out here.
Here we only have recipe list item in detail.
Now you could also just work with these.
But I want to create a set up where I have a list on the left let's say.
And if I click the item the detail component displayed on the right.
So I will need an overall component holding both.
Now that is an optional set up.
You can also go with a number one where the detail is somehow embedded into the list component.
I chose to create this overall component.
Now besides that I will go ahead and create the Avar components though.
Sobersides recipes.
I will also now create the recipe list component as laid out on the slice.
Now here I don't want to create the recipe list on the or inside the app folder though which is a different
behavior by to see.
I now would hit enter instead.
That should go inside the recipe's folder because that is where all the recipe related components should
go.
We can easily tell these Seelye to create a component in a subfolder by basically passing a path here.
So instead of just saying recipe list we can say recipes slash recipe list and since you already have
the recipes folder this will treat the recipes list folder inside of the recipes folder.
That is what I meant way of structuring the folders by feature now with the recipe list at it I also
want to add the recipe detail here because the recipe details should be displayed next to the list in
my set up here so I will add it to the recipes folder too.
So that now we all have the recipe detail folder here.
And we also need a component for a single recipe item right.
So recipe item.
However I don't want to add that to the recipes folder that should go inside your recipe list folder
because it's in the recipe list where I want you will also have that item.
So I'll point to the recipe list subfolder here and now hit enter.
And now we get the component inside the recipe list because again the recipe item is just one item in
this list of recipes.
Now again it's only one possible for the structure.
You could remove the recipes component and put the recipe list component as the main recipe feature
component and add details somewhere in this component.
Then I chose to have this set up here though.
Now let's move on to the shopping list.
Well before this all of course run NGC again to generate a new component and a named shopping list.
I'll also add specked fault here to prevent the true relation of this testing file and this will give
me a shopping list folder in my main app folder.
So next to recipes and header inside the shopping list.
There's only one other component I want to create and that's the shopping list added component which
will allow us to add new ingredients or added existing ones that should now go into the shopping list
component.
So just like before with recipes I'll simply change this to shopping list slash shopping added and this
will now added inside of this component.
So now we get all the components we need for now or at least I think we need for now.
Of course feel free to choose a different set up but with all these components added and since you use
the see I'd ever also added automatically to AB module.
If you did create manually make sure to add them here too.
So with all that created that added to AB module we can now use them.
So let's start using them in the next lecture and let's all just start filling them with some life there.